---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_dbaas_clusters Data Source - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent DBaaS cluster data source.
---

# edgecenter_dbaas_clusters (Data Source)

Represent DBaaS cluster data source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "edgecenter_dbaas_clusters" "example" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1
  name       = "cluster-example"
}

output "view" {
  value = data.edgecenter_dbaas_clusters.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the DBaaS cluster. Either 'id' or 'name' must be specified.
- `name` (String) The name of the DBaaS cluster. Either 'id' or 'name' must be specified.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `connection_info` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_info))
- `created_at` (String)
- `dbms` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dbms))
- `description` (String)
- `flavor` (String)
- `high_availability` (Boolean)
- `interface` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interface))
- `status` (String)
- `task_id` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `volume` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume))

<a id="nestedatt--connection_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_info`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String)
- `port` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--dbms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dbms`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface`

Read-Only:

- `network_id` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume`

Read-Only:

- `volume_size` (Number)
- `volume_type` (String)
