---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_floatingip Data Source - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A floating IP is a static IP address that can be associated with one of your instances or loadbalancers,
  allowing it to have a static public IP address. The floating IP can be re-associated to any other instance in the same datacenter.
---

# edgecenter_floatingip (Data Source)

A floating IP is a static IP address that can be associated with one of your instances or loadbalancers, 
allowing it to have a static public IP address. The floating IP can be re-associated to any other instance in the same datacenter.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "edgecenter_project" "pr" {
  name = "test"
}

data "edgecenter_region" "rg" {
  name = "ED-10 Preprod"
}

data "edgecenter_floatingip" "ip" {
  floating_ip_address = "10.100.179.172"
  region_id           = data.edgecenter_region.rg.id
  project_id          = data.edgecenter_project.pr.id
}

output "view" {
  value = data.edgecenter_floatingip.ip
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `floating_ip_address` (String) The floating IP address assigned to the resource. It must be a valid IP address.

### Optional

- `metadata_k` (String) Filtration query opts (only key).
- `metadata_kv` (Map of String) Filtration query opts, for example, {offset = "10", limit = "10"}.
- `port_id` (String) The ID (uuid) of the network port that the floating IP is associated with.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `fixed_ip_address` (String) The fixed (reserved) IP address that is associated with the floating IP.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata_read_only` (List of Object) A list of read-only metadata items, e.g. tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_read_only))
- `router_id` (String) The ID (uuid) of the router that the floating IP is associated with.
- `status` (String) The current status of the floating IP resource. Can be 'DOWN' or 'ACTIVE'.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata_read_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_read_only`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)
