---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_image Data Source - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A cloud image is a pre-configured virtual machine template that you can use to create new instances.
---

# edgecenter_image (Data Source)

A cloud image is a pre-configured virtual machine template that you can use to create new instances.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "edgecenter_project" "pr" {
  name = "test"
}

data "edgecenter_region" "rg" {
  name = "ED-10 Preprod"
}

data "edgecenter_image" "ubuntu" {
  name       = "ubuntu-20.04"
  region_id  = data.edgecenter_region.rg.id
  project_id = data.edgecenter_project.pr.id
}

output "view" {
  value = data.edgecenter_image.ubuntu
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the image. Use 'os-version', for example 'ubuntu-20.04'.

### Optional

- `is_baremetal` (Boolean) Set to true if need to get the baremetal image.
- `metadata_k` (String) Filtration query opts (only key).
- `metadata_kv` (Map of String) Filtration query opts, for example, {offset = "10", limit = "10"}.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A detailed description of the image.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata_read_only` (List of Object) A list of read-only metadata items, e.g. tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_read_only))
- `min_disk` (Number) Minimum disk space (in GB) required to launch an instance using this image.
- `min_ram` (Number) Minimum VM RAM (in MB) required to launch an instance using this image.
- `os_distro` (String) The distribution of the OS present in the image, e.g. Debian, CentOS, Ubuntu etc.
- `os_version` (String) The version of the OS present in the image. e.g. 19.04 (for Ubuntu) or 9.4 for Debian.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata_read_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_read_only`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)
