---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_instanceV2 Data Source - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A cloud instance is a virtual machine in a cloud environment. Could be used with baremetal also.
---

# edgecenter_instanceV2 (Data Source)

A cloud instance is a virtual machine in a cloud environment. Could be used with baremetal also.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "edgecenter_project" "pr" {
  name = "test"
}

data "edgecenter_region" "rg" {
  name = "ED-10 Preprod"
}

data "edgecenter_instanceV2" "vm" {
  name       = "test-vm"
  region_id  = data.edgecenter_region.rg.id
  project_id = data.edgecenter_project.pr.id
}

output "view" {
  value = data.edgecenter_instanceV2.vm
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the instance.

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `addresses` (List of Object) A list of network addresses associated with the instance, for example "pub_net": [...]. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--addresses))
- `boot_volumes` (List of Object) A set defining the volumes to be attached to the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--boot_volumes))
- `data_volumes` (List of Object) A set defining the volumes to be attached to the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_volumes))
- `flavor` (Map of String) A map defining the flavor of the instance, for example, {"flavor_name": "g1-standard-2-4", "ram": 4096, ...}.
- `flavor_id` (String) The ID of the flavor to be used for the instance, determining its compute and memory, for example 'g1-standard-2-4'.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `interface` (List of Object) A list defining the network interfaces to be attached to the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interface))
- `metadata` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `security_group` (List of Object) A list of firewall configurations applied to the instance, defined by their id and name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_group))
- `status` (String) The current status of the instance. This is computed automatically and can be used to track the instance's state.
- `vm_state` (String) The current virtual machine state of the instance, 
allowing you to start or stop the VM. Possible values are stopped and active.

<a id="nestedatt--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addresses`

Read-Only:

- `net` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--addresses--net))

<a id="nestedobjatt--addresses--net"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addresses.net`

Read-Only:

- `addr` (String)
- `type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--boot_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `size` (Number)
- `type_name` (String)
- `volume_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--data_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `size` (Number)
- `type_name` (String)
- `volume_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String)
- `network_id` (String)
- `port_id` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--security_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_group`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
