---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_k8s_pool Data Source - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent k8s cluster's pool.
---

# edgecenter_k8s_pool (Data Source)

Represent k8s cluster's pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "edgecenter_k8s_pool" "pool" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1
  cluster_id = "6bf878c1-1ce4-47c3-a39b-6b5f1d79bf25"
  pool_id    = "dc3a3ea9-86ae-47ad-a8e8-79df0ce04839"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The uuid of the Kubernetes cluster this pool belongs to.
- `pool_id` (String) The uuid of the Kubernetes pool within the cluster.

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the Kubernetes pool was created.
- `docker_volume_size` (Number) The size of the volume used for Docker containers, in gigabytes.
- `docker_volume_type` (String) The type of volume used for the Docker containers. Available values are 'standard', 'ssd_hiiops', 'cold', and 'ultra'.
- `flavor_id` (String) The identifier of the flavor used for nodes in this pool.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this pool is the default pool in the cluster.
- `max_node_count` (Number) The maximum number of nodes the pool can scale to.
- `min_node_count` (Number) The minimum number of nodes in the pool.
- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes pool.
- `node_addresses` (List of String) A list of IP addresses of nodes within the pool.
- `node_count` (Number) The current number of nodes in the pool.
- `node_names` (List of String) A list of names of nodes within the pool.
- `stack_id` (String) The identifier of the underlying infrastructure stack used by this pool.
