---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_lb_l7policy Data Source - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An L7 Policy is a set of L7 rules, as well as a defined action applied to L7 network traffic. The action is taken if all the rules associated with the policy match
---

# edgecenter_lb_l7policy (Data Source)

An L7 Policy is a set of L7 rules, as well as a defined action applied to L7 network traffic. The action is taken if all the rules associated with the policy match

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "edgecenter_project" "pr" {
  name = "test"
}

data "edgecenter_region" "rg" {
  name = "ED-10 Preprod"
}

data "edgecenter_lb_l7policy" "l" {
  id         = "59b2eabc-c0a8-4545-8081-979bd963c6ab"
  region_id  = data.edgecenter_region.rg.id
  project_id = data.edgecenter_project.pr.id
}

output "view" {
  value = data.edgecenter_lb_l7policy.l
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The uuid of l7policy
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the policy
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `action` (String) Enum: "REDIRECT_PREFIX" "REDIRECT_TO_POOL" "REDIRECT_TO_URL" "REJECT"
The action.
- `created_at` (String) The datetime when the L7 policy was created
- `listener_id` (String) The ID of the listener
- `operating_status` (String) The operating status
- `position` (Number) The position of this policy on the listener. Positions start at 1
- `provisioning_status` (String) The provisioning status
- `redirect_http_code` (Number) Requests matching this policy will be redirected to the specified URL or Prefix URL with the HTTP response code. Valid if action is REDIRECT_TO_URL or REDIRECT_PREFIX. Valid options are 301, 302, 303, 307, or 308. Default is 302
- `redirect_pool_id` (String) Requests matching this policy will be redirected to the pool with this ID. Only valid if the action is REDIRECT_TO_POOL
- `redirect_prefix` (String) Requests matching this policy will be redirected to this Prefix URL. Only valid if the action is REDIRECT_PREFIX
- `redirect_url` (String) Requests matching this policy will be redirected to this URL. Only valid if the action is REDIRECT_TO_URL
- `rules` (Set of String) A set of l7rule uuids assigned to this l7policy
- `tags` (Set of String) A list of simple strings assigned to the resource
- `updated_at` (String) The datetime when the L7 policy was last updated
