---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_lb_l7rule Data Source - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An L7 Rule is a single, simple logical test which returns either true or false
---

# edgecenter_lb_l7rule (Data Source)

An L7 Rule is a single, simple logical test which returns either true or false

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "edgecenter_project" "pr" {
  name = "test"
}

data "edgecenter_region" "rg" {
  name = "ED-10 Preprod"
}

data "edgecenter_lb_l7rule" "rule" {
  id          = "59b2eabc-c0a8-4545-8081-979bd963c6ab"
  l7policy_id = "76r2eabc-c0a8-4545-8081-979bd963c6fgh"
  region_id   = data.edgecenter_region.rg.id
  project_id  = data.edgecenter_project.pr.id
}

output "view" {
  value = data.edgecenter_lb_l7rule.rule
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The uuid of l7rule

### Optional

- `l7policy_id` (String) The ID of the L7 policy.
- `l7policy_name` (String) The name of the L7 policy.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `compare_type` (String) The comparison type for the L7 rule. Available comparison types: "CONTAINS", "STARTS_WITH", "ENDS_WITH", "EQUAL_TO", "REGEX".
- `invert` (Boolean) When `true` the logic of the rule is inverted.

For example, with `true`, equal to would become not equal to. Defaults to `false`.
- `key` (String) The key to use for the comparison. For example, the name of the cookie to evaluate.
- `listener_id` (String) The ID of the listener.
- `operating_status` (String) The operating status
- `provisioning_status` (String) The provisioning status
- `tags` (List of String) A list of simple strings assigned to the resource.
- `type` (String) The type of the L7 rule. Available types: "COOKIE", "FILE_TYPE", "HEADER", "HOST_NAME", "PATH", "SSL_CONN_HAS_CERT", "SSL_VERIFY_RESULT", "SSL_DN_FIELD".
- `value` (String) The value to use for the comparison. For example, the file type to compare.
