---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_lbpool Data Source - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent information about load balancer listener pool. A pool is a list of virtual machines to which the listener will redirect incoming traffic.
---

# edgecenter_lbpool (Data Source)

Represent information about load balancer listener pool. A pool is a list of virtual machines to which the listener will redirect incoming traffic.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "edgecenter_project" "pr" {
  name = "test"
}

data "edgecenter_region" "rg" {
  name = "ED-10 Preprod"
}

data "edgecenter_lbpool" "pool" {
  name       = "test-pool"
  region_id  = data.edgecenter_region.rg.id
  project_id = data.edgecenter_project.pr.id
}

output "view" {
  value = data.edgecenter_lbpool.pool
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the load balancer pool.

### Optional

- `listener_id` (String) The uuid for the load balancer listener.
- `loadbalancer_id` (String) The uuid for the load balancer.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `health_monitor` (List of Object) Configuration for health checks to test the health and state of the backend members. It determines how the load balancer identifies whether the backend members are healthy or unhealthy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_monitor))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `lb_algorithm` (String) Available values are `ROUND_ROBIN`, `LEAST_CONNECTIONS`, `SOURCE_IP`.
- `protocol` (String) Available values are `HTTP` (currently work, others do not work on ed-8), `HTTPS`, `TCP`, `UDP`.
- `session_persistence` (List of Object) Configuration that enables the load balancer to bind a user's session to a specific backend member. This ensures that all requests from the user during the session are sent to the same member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--session_persistence))

<a id="nestedatt--health_monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_monitor`

Read-Only:

- `delay` (Number)
- `expected_codes` (String)
- `http_method` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `max_retries` (Number)
- `max_retries_down` (Number)
- `timeout` (Number)
- `type` (String)
- `url_path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--session_persistence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_persistence`

Read-Only:

- `cookie_name` (String)
- `persistence_granularity` (String)
- `persistence_timeout` (Number)
- `type` (String)
