---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_mkaas_pool Data Source - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent MKaaS cluster's pool.
---

# edgecenter_mkaas_pool (Data Source)

Represent MKaaS cluster's pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "edgecenter_mkaas_pool" "apps" {
  project_id = 1234
  region_id  = 53
  cluster_id = 321
  pool_id    = 654
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (Number) The id of the Kubernetes cluster this pool belongs to.
- `pool_id` (Number) The id of the Kubernetes pool within the cluster.

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number) The numeric id of the project. Either `project_id` or `project_name` must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either `project_id` or `project_name` must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The numeric id of the region. Either `region_id` or `region_name` must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either `region_id` or `region_name` must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `flavor` (String) The identifier of the flavor used for nodes in this pool, e.g. g1-standard-2-4.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Map of String) Arbitrary labels assigned to the pool.
- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes pool.
- `node_count` (Number) The current number of nodes in the pool.
- `scale_policy` (List of Object) Scale policy of the pool. Populated only when autoscaling is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scale_policy))
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) List of security group IDs attached to the pool.
- `state` (String) The state of the pool.
- `status` (String) The status of the pool.
- `taints` (Set of Object) Kubernetes taints applied to all nodes in the pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--taints))
- `volume_size` (Number) The size of the volumes used by nodes in the pool, specified in gigabytes (GB).
- `volume_type` (String) The type of volume used by nodes in the pool.

<a id="nestedatt--scale_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy`

Read-Only:

- `auto_scale` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--scale_policy--auto_scale))

<a id="nestedobjatt--scale_policy--auto_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scale_policy.auto_scale`

Read-Only:

- `current_node_count` (Number)
- `max` (Number)
- `min` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `taints`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
