---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_securitygroup Data Source - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent SecurityGroups(Firewall)
---

# edgecenter_securitygroup (Data Source)

Represent SecurityGroups(Firewall)

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

data "edgecenter_project" "pr" {
  name = "test"
}

data "edgecenter_region" "rg" {
  name = "ED-10 Preprod"
}

data "edgecenter_securitygroup" "default" {
  name       = "default"
  region_id  = data.edgecenter_region.rg.id
  project_id = data.edgecenter_project.pr.id
}

output "view" {
  value = data.edgecenter_securitygroup.default
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the security group.

### Optional

- `metadata_k` (String) Filtration query opts (only key).
- `metadata_kv` (Map of String) Filtration query opts, for example, {offset = "10", limit = "10"}
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A detailed description of the security group.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata_read_only` (List of Object) A list of read-only metadata items, e.g. tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_read_only))
- `security_group_rules` (Set of Object) Firewall rules control what inbound(ingress) and outbound(egress) traffic is allowed to enter or leave a Instance. At least one 'egress' rule should be set (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_group_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata_read_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_read_only`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--security_group_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_group_rules`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `direction` (String)
- `ethertype` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `port_range_max` (Number)
- `port_range_min` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)
