---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_baremetal Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent baremetal instance
---

# edgecenter_baremetal (Resource)

Represent baremetal instance

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_baremetal" "bm" {
  name       = "test bm instance"
  region_id  = 1
  project_id = 1
  flavor_id  = "bm1-infrastructure-small"
  image_id   = "1ee7ccee-5003-48c9-8ae0-d96063af75b2" // your image id

  //additional interface, available type is 'subnet' or 'external'
  //  interface {
  //	type = "subnet"
  //	network_id = "9c7867fb-f404-4a2d-8bb5-24acf2fccaf1" //your network_id
  //	subnet_id = "b68ea6e2-c2b6-4a8d-95eb-7194d12a2156" // your subnet_id
  //  }

  //  interface {
  //	type = "external"
  //    is_parent = "true" // if is_parent = true interface cant be detached, and always connected first
  //  }

  keypair_name = "test" // your keypair name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `flavor_id` (String)
- `interface` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface))

### Optional

- `app_config` (Map of String) The parameters for the application template from the marketplace.
- `apptemplate_id` (String) The ID of the app template. Either image_id or apptemplate_id is required.
- `image_id` (String) The ID of the image. Either image_id or apptemplate_id is required.
- `keypair_name` (String) The name of the keypair to inject into new instance(s).
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update (use with update context).
- `metadata` (Block List, Deprecated) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `metadata_map` (Map of String) A map containing metadata, for example tags.
- `name` (String) The name of the baremetal instance.
- `name_template` (String) A list of the instance names which will be changed by template. You can use forms `ip_octets`, `two_ip_octets`, `one_ip_octet`.
- `name_templates` (List of String, Deprecated)
- `password` (String) The password for the VM. This parameter is used to set the password either for the "Admin" user on a Windows VM other default user or a new user on a Linux VM.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `user_data` (String) A string in the base64 format. Must not be passed together with username or password. Examples of user_data: https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/examples.html
- `username` (String) The name of a new user on a Linux VM. It may be passed with the password parameter.

### Read-Only

- `addresses` (List of Object) The map of network_name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--addresses))
- `flavor` (Map of String) The ID of the flavor.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the VM. Possible statuses are `ACTIVE`, `ERROR`, SHUTOFF, REBOOT, PAUSED, etc.
- `vm_state` (String) The state of the virtual machine (active).

<a id="nestedblock--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface`

Required:

- `type` (String) Available value is 'subnet', 'any_subnet', 'external', 'reserved_fixed_ip'

Optional:

- `existing_fip_id` (String) If source is existing, the ID of the existing floating IP must be specified.
- `fip_source` (String) Indicates whether the floating IP for this subnet will be new or reused. Available value is `new`,`existing`.
- `ip_address` (String) IP address.
- `is_parent` (Boolean) If not set will be calculated after creation. Trunk interface always attached first. Can't detach interface if is_parent true. Fields affect only on creation
- `network_id` (String) required if type is 'subnet' or 'any_subnet'
- `order` (Number) Order of attaching interface. Trunk interface always attached first, fields affect only on creation
- `port_id` (String) required if type is  'reserved_fixed_ip'
- `subnet_id` (String) required if type is 'subnet'


<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addresses`

Read-Only:

- `net` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--addresses--net))

<a id="nestedobjatt--addresses--net"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addresses.net`

Read-Only:

- `addr` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<instance_id> format
terraform import edgecenter_baremetal.instance1 1:6:447d2959-8ae0-4ca0-8d47-9f050a3637d7
```
