---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_cdn_origingroup Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent origin group
---

# edgecenter_cdn_origingroup (Resource)

Represent origin group

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_cdn_origingroup" "origin_group_1" {
  name     = "origin_group_1"
  use_next = true
  origin {
    source  = "example.com"
    enabled = true
  }
  origin {
    source  = "mirror.example.com"
    enabled = true
    backup  = true
  }
  authorization {
    access_key_id = "test_access_key_id"
    auth_type     = "aws_signature_v2"
    bucket_name   = "test_bucket_name"
    secret_key    = "keywqueiuqwiueiqweqwiueiqwiueuiqw"
  }
  consistent_balancing = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `consistent_balancing` (Boolean) Consistent load balancing (consistent hashing) for the source group
- `name` (String) Add the source group name.
- `origin` (Block Set, Min: 1) Add information about your sources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--origin))
- `use_next` (Boolean) Specify whether or not the CDN will use the next source in the list if your source responds with an HTTP status code of 4XX or 5XX.

### Optional

- `authorization` (Block Set, Max: 1) Add information about authorization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--authorization))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin`

Required:

- `source` (String) Enter the source’s domain name or the IP address with a custom port (if any).

Optional:

- `backup` (Boolean) If set to "true", this source will not be used until one of the active sources becomes unavailable.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the source. The source group must contain at least one enabled source.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String) Specify the access key ID in 20 alphanumeric characters.
- `auth_type` (String) The type of authorization on the source. It can take two values - aws_signature_v2 or aws_signature_v4.
- `bucket_name` (String) Specify the bucket name. The name is restricted to 255 symbols and may include alphanumeric characters, slashes, pluses, hyphens, and underscores.
- `secret_key` (String) Specify the secret access key. The value must be between 32 and 40 characters and may include alphanumeric characters, slashes, pluses, hyphens, and underscores.

Optional:

- `addressing_style` (String) The addressing style for S3 requests. Supported values: path, virtual.
- `aws_region` (String) The AWS region name.The name is restricted to 255 symbols and can contain lowercase latin letters (a-z), digits (0-9), and hyphens. Region name cannot start or end with a hyphen and cannot contain double hyphens.
