---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_dns_zone_record Resource - terraform-provider-edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent DNS Zone Record resource. https://dns.gcorelabs.com/zones
---

# edgecenter_dns_zone_record (Resource)

Represent DNS Zone Record resource. https://dns.gcorelabs.com/zones



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) A domain of DNS Zone Record resource.
- `resource_record` (Block Set, Min: 1) An array of contents with meta of DNS Zone Record resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resource_record))
- `type` (String) A type of DNS Zone Record resource.
- `zone` (String) A zone of DNS Zone Record resource.

### Optional

- `filter` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `ttl` (Number) A ttl of DNS Zone Record resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--resource_record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_record`

Required:

- `content` (String) A content of DNS Zone Record resource. (TXT: 'anyString', MX: '50 mail.company.io.', CAA: '0 issue "company.org; account=12345"')

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Manage of public appearing of DNS Zone Record resource.
- `meta` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resource_record--meta))

<a id="nestedblock--resource_record--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_record.meta`

Optional:

- `asn` (List of Number) An asn meta (e.g. 12345) of DNS Zone Record resource.
- `continents` (List of String) Continents meta (e.g. Asia) of DNS Zone Record resource.
- `countries` (List of String) Countries meta (e.g. USA) of DNS Zone Record resource.
- `default` (Boolean) Fallback meta equals true marks records which are used as a default answer (when nothing was selected by specified meta fields).
- `ip` (List of String) An ip meta (e.g. 127.0.0.0) of DNS Zone Record resource.
- `latlong` (List of Number) A latlong meta (e.g. 27.988056, 86.925278) of DNS Zone Record resource.
- `notes` (List of String) A notes meta (e.g. Miami DC) of DNS Zone Record resource.



<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `type` (String) A DNS Zone Record filter option that describe a name of filter.

Optional:

- `limit` (Number) A DNS Zone Record filter option that describe how many records will be percolated.
- `strict` (Boolean) A DNS Zone Record filter option that describe possibility to return answers if no records were percolated through filter.


