---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_floatingip Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A floating IP is a static IP address that can be associated with one of your instances or loadbalancers,
  allowing it to have a static public IP address. The floating IP can be re-associated to any other instance in the same datacenter.
---

# edgecenter_floatingip (Resource)

A floating IP is a static IP address that can be associated with one of your instances or loadbalancers, 
allowing it to have a static public IP address. The floating IP can be re-associated to any other instance in the same datacenter.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_floatingip" "floating_ip" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1
  metadata_map = {
    tag1 = "tag1_value"
  }
  //  fixed_ip_address = "192.168.10.39" // instance`s interface ip
  //  port_id = "5c992875-f653-4b7b-af5b-1dc3019e5ffa" //instance`s interface port_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fixed_ip_address` (String) The fixed (reserved) IP address that is associated with the floating IP.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update (use with update context).
- `metadata_map` (Map of String) A map containing metadata, for example tags.
- `port_id` (String) The ID (uuid) of the network port that the floating IP is associated with.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the floating IP was created.
- `floating_ip_address` (String) The floating IP address assigned to the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_id_attached_to` (String) The ID (uuid) of the instance, that the floating IP is associated with.
- `instance_port_id` (String) The ID (uuid) of the network port of the instance that the floating IP is associated with.
- `load_balancers_id_attached_to` (String) The ID (uuid) of the loadbalancer, that the floating IP associated with
- `load_balancers_port_id` (String) The ID (uuid) of the network port of the load balancer that the floating IP is associated with.
- `metadata_read_only` (List of Object) A list of read-only metadata items, e.g. tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_read_only))
- `router_id` (String) The ID (uuid) of the router that the floating IP is associated with.
- `status` (String) The current status of the floating IP. Can be 'DOWN' or 'ACTIVE'.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the floating IP was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata_read_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_read_only`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<floatingip_id> format
terraform import edgecenter_floatingip.fip1 1:6:447d2959-8ae0-4ca0-8d47-9f050a3637d7
```
