---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_instance_port_security Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent instance_port_security resource
---

# edgecenter_instance_port_security (Resource)

Represent instance_port_security resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_instance_port_security" "port_security" {
  port_id                = "073947f8-8589-4104-bdff-2cedbe56239f"
  instance_id            = "4f81e8f8-d7b8-45a4-93fd-609ad2n670f0"
  region_id              = 1
  project_id             = 1
  port_security_disabled = false
  security_groups {
    overwrite_existing = true
    security_group_ids = ["cd114905-1bc7-45d7-9def-463f16379563", "4c2fb2a4-8535-474e-aa7f-ac35804de389"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) ID of the instance to which the port is connected.
- `port_id` (String) ID of the instance network port.

### Optional

- `port_security_disabled` (Boolean) Is the port_security feature disabled. If this field has value "true", you can't use "security_groups" field. You can't change port security of a public network port. When this field has value "true" all security groups will be deleted. When this field switched back to value "false" or deleted, default security group will be attached.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `security_groups` (Block Set, Max: 1) Security groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--security_groups))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_groups`

Optional:

- `overwrite_existing` (Boolean) Whether to overwrite all security groups. If this field has value "true", security groups that were created outside of this resource (the default security group and security groups created through UI or API will be deleted and attached security groups specified in the attribute "security_group_ids" only)
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) A set of security groups IDs that need to be attached.

Read-Only:

- `all_security_group_ids` (Set of String) Set of all security groups IDs. This field has all security groups, including those that were created outside of this resource (the default security group and security groups created through the UI or API)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
