---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_k8s_pool Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent k8s cluster's pool.
---

# edgecenter_k8s_pool (Resource)

Represent k8s cluster's pool.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_k8s_pool" "v" {
  project_id         = 1
  region_id          = 1
  cluster_id         = "6bf878c1-1ce4-47c3-a39b-6b5f1d79bf25"
  name               = "tf-pool"
  flavor_id          = "g1-standard-1-2"
  min_node_count     = 1
  max_node_count     = 2
  node_count         = 1
  docker_volume_size = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The uuid of the Kubernetes cluster this pool belongs to.
- `flavor_id` (String) The identifier of the flavor used for nodes in this pool, e.g. g1-standard-2-4.
- `max_node_count` (Number) The maximum number of nodes the pool can scale to.
- `min_node_count` (Number) The minimum number of nodes in the pool.
- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes pool.
- `node_count` (Number) The current number of nodes in the pool.

### Optional

- `docker_volume_size` (Number) The size of the volume used for Docker containers, in gigabytes.
- `docker_volume_type` (String) The type of volume used for the Docker containers. Available values are 'standard', 'ssd_hiiops', 'cold', and 'ultra'.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update (use with update context).
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the Kubernetes pool was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `stack_id` (String) The identifier of the underlying infrastructure stack used by this pool.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<pool_id>:<cluster_id> format
terraform import edgecenter_k8s_pool.k8s_pool1 1:6:a775dd94-4e9c-4da7-9f0e-ffc9ae34446b:447d2959-8ae0-4ca0-8d47-9f050a3637d7
```
