---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_lblistener Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent a load balancer listener. Can not be created without a load balancer. A listener is a process that checks for connection requests using the protocol and port that you configure.
---

# edgecenter_lblistener (Resource)

Represent a load balancer listener. Can not be created without a load balancer. A listener is a process that checks for connection requests using the protocol and port that you configure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_loadbalancerv2" "lb" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1
  name       = "test"
  flavor     = "lb1-1-2"
}

resource "edgecenter_lblistener" "listener" {
  project_id      = 1
  region_id       = 1
  name            = "test"
  protocol        = "TCP"
  protocol_port   = 36621
  allowed_cidrs   = ["127.0.0.0/24", "192.168.0.0/24"]
  loadbalancer_id = edgecenter_loadbalancerv2.lb.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `loadbalancer_id` (String) The uuid for the load balancer.
- `name` (String) The name of the load balancer listener.
- `protocol` (String) Available values are 'TCP', 'UDP', 'HTTP', 'HTTPS' and 'TERMINATED_HTTPS'.
- `protocol_port` (Number) The port on which the protocol is bound.

### Optional

- `allowed_cidrs` (List of String) The allowed CIDRs for listener.
- `insert_x_forwarded` (Boolean) Insert *-forwarded headers
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update (use with update context).
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `secret_id` (String) The identifier for the associated secret, typically used for SSL configurations.
- `sni_secret_id` (List of String) List of secret identifiers used for Server Name Indication (SNI).
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `operating_status` (String) The current operational status of the load balancer.
- `pool_count` (Number) Number of pools associated with the load balancer.
- `provisioning_status` (String) The current provisioning status of the load balancer.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<lblistener_id>:<loadbalancer_id> format
terraform import edgecenter_lblistener.lblistener1 1:6:a775dd94-4e9c-4da7-9f0e-ffc9ae34446b:447d2959-8ae0-4ca0-8d47-9f050a3637d7
```
