---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_lbpool Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent load balancer listener pool. A pool is a list of virtual machines to which the listener will redirect incoming traffic
---

# edgecenter_lbpool (Resource)

Represent load balancer listener pool. A pool is a list of virtual machines to which the listener will redirect incoming traffic

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_loadbalancerv2" "lb" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1
  name       = "test"
  flavor     = "lb1-1-2"
  metadata_map = {
    tag1 = "tag1_value"
  }
}

resource "edgecenter_lblistener" "listener" {
  project_id      = 1
  region_id       = 1
  name            = "test"
  protocol        = "TCP"
  protocol_port   = 36621
  allowed_cidrs   = ["127.0.0.0/24", "192.168.0.0/24"]
  loadbalancer_id = edgecenter_loadbalancerv2.lb.id
}

resource "edgecenter_lbpool" "pl" {
  project_id      = 1
  region_id       = 1
  name            = "test_pool1"
  protocol        = "HTTP"
  lb_algorithm    = "LEAST_CONNECTIONS"
  loadbalancer_id = edgecenter_loadbalancerv2.lb.id
  listener_id     = edgecenter_lblistener.listener.id
  health_monitor {
    type        = "PING"
    delay       = 60
    max_retries = 5
    timeout     = 10
  }
  session_persistence {
    type        = "APP_COOKIE"
    cookie_name = "test_new_cookie"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `lb_algorithm` (String) The algorithm of the load balancer. Available values are `ROUND_ROBIN`, `LEAST_CONNECTIONS`, `SOURCE_IP`.
- `name` (String) The name of the load balancer listener pool.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol. Available values are `HTTP` (currently work, other do not work on ed-8), `HTTPS`, `TCP`, `UDP`, `PROXY`.

### Optional

- `health_monitor` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for health checks to test the health and state of the backend members. It determines how the load balancer identifies whether the backend members are healthy or unhealthy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--health_monitor))
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update (use with update context).
- `listener_id` (String) The uuid for the load balancer listener.
- `loadbalancer_id` (String) The uuid for the load balancer.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `session_persistence` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration that enables the load balancer to bind a user's session to a specific backend member. This ensures that all requests from the user during the session are sent to the same member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--session_persistence))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--health_monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_monitor`

Required:

- `delay` (Number) The time between sending probes to members (in seconds).
- `max_retries` (Number) The number of successes before the member is switched to the ONLINE state.
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum time to connect. Must be less than the delay value.
- `type` (String) The type of the health monitor. Available values are `HTTP`, `HTTPS`, `PING`, `TCP`, `TLS-HELLO`, `UDP-CONNECT`.

Optional:

- `expected_codes` (String) The expected HTTP status codes. Multiple codes can be specified as a comma-separated string.
- `http_method` (String) The HTTP method. Available values are `CONNECT`, `DELETE`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `OPTIONS`, `PATCH`,`POST`, `PUT`, `TRACE`.
- `id` (String) The ID of the health monitor.
- `max_retries_down` (Number) The number of failures before the member is switched to the ERROR state.
- `url_path` (String) The URL path. Defaults to `/`.


<a id="nestedblock--session_persistence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_persistence`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of the session persistence. Available values are `APP_COOKIE`,`HTTP_COOKIE`,`SOURCE_IP`.

Optional:

- `cookie_name` (String) The name of the cookie. Should be set if app cookie or http cookie is used.
- `persistence_granularity` (String) The subnet mask if source_ip is used. For UDP ports only.
- `persistence_timeout` (Number) The timeout for the session persistence. For UDP ports only.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<lbpool_id> format
terraform import edgecenter_lbpool.lbpool1 1:6:447d2959-8ae0-4ca0-8d47-9f050a3637d7
```
