---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_loadbalancerv2 Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent load balancer without nested listener
---

# edgecenter_loadbalancerv2 (Resource)

Represent load balancer without nested listener

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_loadbalancerv2" "lb" {
  project_id = 1
  region_id  = 1
  name       = "test"
  flavor     = "lb1-1-2"
  metadata_map = {
    tag1 = "tag1_value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the load balancer.

### Optional

- `flavor` (String) The flavor or specification of the load balancer to be created.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update (use with update context).
- `metadata_map` (Map of String) A map containing metadata, for example tags.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `security_group` (String) Creates a new security group with the specified name
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `vip_network_id` (String) Attaches the created network.
- `vip_port_id` (String) Attaches the created reserved IP.
- `vip_subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet in which to allocate the VIP address for the load balancer.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata_read_only` (List of Object) A list of read-only metadata items, e.g. tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_read_only))
- `security_group_id` (String) Load balancer security group ID
- `vip_address` (String) Load balancer IP address

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata_read_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_read_only`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<loadbalancer_id> format
terraform import edgecenter_loadbalancer.loadbalancer1 1:6:447d2959-8ae0-4ca0-8d47-9f050a3637d7
```
