---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_mkaas_cluster Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent k8s cluster.
---

# edgecenter_mkaas_cluster (Resource)

Represent k8s cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_mkaas_cluster" "example" {
  name             = "my-cluster01"
  project_id       = 1
  region_id        = 1
  ssh_keypair_name = "tf-keypair"
  network_id       = "6bf878c1-1ce4-47c3-a39b-6b5f1d79bf25"
  subnet_id        = "dc3a3ea9-86ae-47ad-a8e8-79df0ce04839"

  control_plane {
    flavor      = "g3-standard-2-4"
    node_count  = 1
    volume_size = 30
    volume_type = "ssd_hiiops"
    version     = "v1.31.0"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--control_plane))
- `name` (String) The name of the Kubernetes cluster (must be a valid: up to 63 characters, only letters, digits, or '-', and cannot start or end with '-')
- `network_id` (String) The id of the network that created the cluster.
- `ssh_keypair_name` (String) The name of the SSH keypair.
- `subnet_id` (String) The id of the subnet that created the cluster.

### Optional

- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either `project_id` or `project_name` must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either `project_id` or `project_name` must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either `region_id` or `region_name` must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either `region_id` or `region_name` must be specified.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) The timestamp when the Kubernetes cluster was created.
- `external_ip` (String) External IP address for the Kubernetes cluster.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `internal_ip` (String) Internal IP address for the Kubernetes cluster.
- `processing` (Boolean)
- `status` (String) Status of the Kubernetes cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--control_plane"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_plane`

Required:

- `flavor` (String) The flavor type of the flavor.
- `node_count` (Number) The number of control nodes in the cluster (allowed values: `1`, `3`).
- `version` (String) The version of the Kubernetes cluster (format `vx.xx.x`).
- `volume_size` (Number) The size of the control volumes in the cluster, specified in gigabytes (GB). Allowed range: `20–1024` GiB.
- `volume_type` (String) The type of volumes in the cluster (allowed values: `ssd_hiiops`).


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<cluster_id> format
terraform import edgecenter_mkaas_cluster.example 1:6:53
```
