---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_protection_resource Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent DDoS protection resource.
---

# edgecenter_protection_resource (Resource)

Represent DDoS protection resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The DNS name of the DDoS protection resource.
- `tls` (Set of String) The list of supported TLS versions. Available value: `1`, `1.1`, `1.2`, `1.3`.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Enable or disable DDoS protection resource.
- `geoip_list` (String) List of countries to apply geoip_mode policy to.
- `geoip_mode` (String) Manage country access policy to control access to DDoS resource from the specified countries. Available values are `no`, `allow`, `block`.
- `http_to_origin` (Boolean) Whether to use HTTP to make requests to the origin. If set to false (default), HTTPS is used.
- `load_balancing_type` (String) Sets load balancing type. Available values are `Round Robin`, `Round Robin with session persistence`.
- `multiple_origins` (Boolean) Enable or disable Multiple origins feature.
- `redirect_to_https` (Boolean) Enable or disable from HTTP to HTTPS
- `waf` (Boolean) Enable or disable WAF.
- `wildcard_aliases` (Boolean) Enable or disable Wildcard aliases feature.
- `www_redirect` (Boolean) Enable or disable redirect from WWW to the primary domain option.

### Read-Only

- `client` (String) Client ID.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether resource is enabled.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ip` (String) Resources's protected IP address.
- `status` (String) Show resource status.
- `wait_for_le` (Number) Number of seconds after which LE certificate can be issued.
