---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_reservedfixedip Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent reserved ips
---

# edgecenter_reservedfixedip (Resource)

Represent reserved ips

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_reservedfixedip" "fixed_ip" {
  project_id                    = 1
  region_id                     = 1
  type                          = "external"
  is_vip                        = true
  instance_ports_that_share_vip = ["8296f985-eb1e-4ac8-8a99-cd1156746d30", "41233b81-f42r-46d0-8043-759c8c542219"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `type` (String) The type of reserved fixed IP. Valid values are 'external', 'subnet', 'any_subnet', and 'ip_address'

### Optional

- `allowed_address_pairs` (Block List) Group of IP addresses that share the current IP as VIP. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_address_pairs))
- `fixed_ip_address` (String) The IP address that is associated with the reserved IP.
- `instance_ports_that_share_vip` (List of String) instance ports that share a VIP
- `is_vip` (Boolean) Flag to determine if the reserved fixed IP should be treated as a Virtual IP (VIP).
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update (use with update context).
- `network_id` (String) ID of the network to which the reserved fixed IP is associated.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet from which the fixed IP should be reserved.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `port_id` (String) ID of the port_id underlying the reserved fixed IP.
- `reservation` (Map of String) The status of the reserved fixed IP with the type of the resource and the ID it is attached to
- `status` (String) The current status of the reserved fixed IP.

<a id="nestedblock--allowed_address_pairs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_address_pairs`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String)
- `mac_address` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<reservedfixedip_id> format
terraform import edgecenter_reservedfixedip.reservedfixedip1 1:6:447d2959-8ae0-4ca0-8d47-9f050a3637d7
```
