---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_rmon_check_http Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# edgecenter_rmon_check_http (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_rmon_check_http" "example" {
  name                  = "http-example"
  enabled               = true
  place                 = "country"
  entities              = [1]
  url                   = "https://example.com/health"
  method                = "get"
  accepted_status_codes = [200]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `accepted_status_codes` (List of Number) Accepted HTTP status codes (e.g. [200, 201]).
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled state of the Check HTTP(s).
- `entities` (List of Number) List of entities where check must be created.
- `method` (String) HTTP method for HTTP(s) check.
- `name` (String) Name of the Check Http.
- `place` (String) Port number for binding Check HTTP(s).
- `url` (String) URL what must be checked.

### Optional

- `body` (String) Check body answer.
- `body_req` (String) Send body to server. In JSON.
- `check_group` (String) Name of the check group for group HTTP(s) checks.
- `check_timeout` (Number) Answer timeout in seconds.
- `description` (String) Description of the Check HTTP(s).
- `email_channel_id` (Number) Email channel ID (optional)
- `header_req` (String) Send headers to server. In JSON.
- `ignore_ssl_error` (Boolean) Ignore TLS/SSL error.
- `interval` (Number) Interval in seconds between checks.
- `mm_channel_id` (Number) Mattermost channel ID for alerts.
- `pd_channel_id` (Number) PagerDuty channel ID for alerts.
- `redirects` (Number) Maximum number of redirects to follow. Set to 0 to disable redirects.
- `retries` (Number) Number of retries before check is marked down.
- `runbook` (String) Runbook URL for alerts.
- `slack_channel_id` (Number) Slack channel ID for alerts.
- `telegram_channel_id` (Number) Telegram channel ID for alerts.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
