---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_rmon_check_rabbitmq Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# edgecenter_rmon_check_rabbitmq (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_rmon_check_rabbitmq" "example" {
  name     = "rabbitmq-example"
  enabled  = true
  place    = "region"
  entities = [10]
  ip       = "rabbitmq.example.com"
  port     = 5672
  username = "monitor"
  password = "example-password"
  vhost    = "/"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled state of the Check RabbitMQ.
- `entities` (List of Number) List of entities where check must be created.
- `ip` (String) IP address or domain name of RabbitMQ server for check.
- `name` (String) Name of the Check RabbitMQ.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for authenticating to RabbitMQ server.
- `place` (String) Place scope for Check RabbitMQ.
- `port` (Number) RabbitMQ server port.
- `username` (String) User name for authenticating to RabbitMQ server.
- `vhost` (String) Virtual host to RabbitMQ server.

### Optional

- `check_group` (String) Name of the check group for group RabbitMQ checks.
- `check_timeout` (Number) Answer timeout in seconds.
- `description` (String) Description of the Check RabbitMQ.
- `email_channel_id` (Number) Email channel ID (optional)
- `interval` (Number) Interval in seconds between checks.
- `mm_channel_id` (Number) Mattermost channel ID for alerts.
- `pd_channel_id` (Number) PagerDuty channel ID for alerts.
- `retries` (Number) Number of retries before check is marked down.
- `runbook` (String) Runbook URL for alerts.
- `slack_channel_id` (Number) Slack channel ID for alerts.
- `telegram_channel_id` (Number) Telegram channel ID for alerts.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
