---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_subnet Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represent subnets. Subnetwork is a range of IP addresses in a cloud network. Addresses from this range will be assigned to machines in the cloud.
---

# edgecenter_subnet (Resource)

Represent subnets. Subnetwork is a range of IP addresses in a cloud network. Addresses from this range will be assigned to machines in the cloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_network" "network" {
  name       = "network_example"
  type       = "vxlan"
  region_id  = 1
  project_id = 1
}

resource "edgecenter_subnet" "subnet" {
  name            = "subnet_example"
  cidr            = "192.168.10.0/24"
  network_id      = edgecenter_network.network.id
  dns_nameservers = ["8.8.4.4", "1.1.1.1"]

  enable_dhcp = true

  host_routes {
    destination = "10.0.3.0/24"
    nexthop     = "10.0.0.13"
  }

  host_routes {
    destination = "10.0.4.0/24"
    nexthop     = "10.0.0.14"
  }

  allocation_pools {
    start = "192.168.10.20"
    end   = "192.168.10.50"
  }

  gateway_ip = "192.168.10.1"

  region_id  = 1
  project_id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) Represents the IP address range of the subnet.
- `name` (String) The name of the subnet.
- `network_id` (String) The ID of the network to which this subnet belongs.

### Optional

- `allocation_pools` (Block Set) A list of allocation pools for DHCP. If omitted but DHCP or gateway settings are changed on update, pools are automatically reassigned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allocation_pools))
- `connect_to_network_router` (Boolean) True if the network's router should get a gateway in this subnet. Must be explicitly 'false' when gateway_ip is null. Default true.
- `dns_nameservers` (List of String) List of DNS name servers for the subnet.
- `enable_dhcp` (Boolean) Enable DHCP for this subnet. If true, DHCP will be used to assign IP addresses to instances within this subnet.
- `gateway_ip` (String) The IP address of the gateway for this subnet. The subnet will be recreated if the gateway IP is changed.
- `host_routes` (Block List) List of additional routes to be added to instances that are part of this subnet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--host_routes))
- `metadata_map` (Map of String) A map containing metadata, for example tags.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update (use with update context).
- `metadata_read_only` (List of Object) A list of read-only metadata items, e.g. tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_read_only))

<a id="nestedblock--allocation_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_pools`

Required:

- `end` (String) End IP address.
- `start` (String) Start IP address.


<a id="nestedblock--host_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_routes`

Required:

- `destination` (String) The CIDR of the destination IPv4 subnet
- `nexthop` (String) IPv4 address to forward traffic to if it's destination IP matches 'destination' CIDR


<a id="nestedatt--metadata_read_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_read_only`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<subnet_id> format
terraform import edgecenter_subnet.subnet1 1:6:447d2959-8ae0-4ca0-8d47-9f050a3637d7
```
