---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgecenter_volume Resource - edgecenter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A volume is a detachable block storage device akin to a USB hard drive or SSD, but located remotely in the cloud.
  Volumes can be attached to a virtual machine and manipulated like a physical hard drive.
  The disc type "infra_ssd" is an internal type of EdgeCenter.
---

# edgecenter_volume (Resource)

A volume is a detachable block storage device akin to a USB hard drive or SSD, but located remotely in the cloud.
Volumes can be attached to a virtual machine and manipulated like a physical hard drive.

The disc type "infra_ssd" is an internal type of EdgeCenter.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "edgecenter" {
  permanent_api_token = "251$d3361.............1b35f26d8"
}

resource "edgecenter_volume" "volume" {
  name       = "volume_example"
  type_name  = "standard"
  size       = 1
  region_id  = 1
  project_id = 1
  metadata_map = {
    tag1 = "tag1_value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the volume.

### Optional

- `image_id` (String) (ForceNew) The ID of the image to create the volume from. This field is mandatory if creating a volume from an image.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update (use with update context).
- `metadata_map` (Map of String) A map containing metadata, for example tags.
- `project_id` (Number) The uuid of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `project_name` (String) The name of the project. Either 'project_id' or 'project_name' must be specified.
- `region_id` (Number) The uuid of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region. Either 'region_id' or 'region_name' must be specified.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume, specified in gigabytes (GB). Optional when creating from an image (will use the image's size). Mandatory if not creating from a snapshot or image. Must be greater than the current size when updating. This field conflicts with `snapshot_id`, because a volume created from a snapshot uses the snapshot size.
- `snapshot_id` (String) (ForceNew) The ID of the snapshot to create the volume from. This field is mandatory if creating a volume from a snapshot. When `snapshot_id` is specified, the new volume is created with the snapshot parameters, so `size` and `type_name` cannot be set at the same time.
- `type_name` (String) The type of volume to create. Valid values are 'ssd_hiiops', 'standard', 'cold', 'infra_ssd' and 'ultra'. Defaults to 'standard' if not specified. This field conflicts with `snapshot_id`, because a volume created from a snapshot uses the snapshot volume type.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata_read_only` (List of Object) A list of read-only metadata items, e.g. tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_read_only))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata_read_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_read_only`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# import using <project_id>:<region_id>:<volume_id> format
terraform import edgecenter_volume.volume1 1:6:447d2959-8ae0-4ca0-8d47-9f050a3637d7
```
